Day 1 : 8th feb 2024

ngl i started exploring into the youtube with Daniel Bourke course on Free code camp and honestly
its good the basic introduction as to whats the difference between machine learning 
and deeplearning is being explained. 


so simply put imagine u had  a life of microorgansims that are found in mars and u only got pictures and as we know 
machine learning only got space for structured data 

and some algorithms which are almost split into \

a. supervised learning - this is like the most lucky part of machine learning this guy gets both huge data in structured forms and labeled data
                         so his life is comparitvely better than a person who just entered the kitchen and has to cook dinner with fork lol.

b. unsupervised learning - the machine gets a lot of data but it needs algorithms to perform with unlabeled data. so this where majority of the 
                           the experimentation takes place 

c. reinforcement learning - the machine uses its true potential by learning through feedback just like exams 
in college etc.


so u must be asking omg augustus where exactly do they use deep learning in 2024 so heres few examples

deep learning is used to recommend you shows on netflix. 
ofcourse also on spotify .
deep learning is used in maps to find a way for you to reach your destination faster.
deep learning is also used in google lens and using that to find out the product that u wanna buy

coming to subsets through deeplearning this has nlp , computer vision , recommendation systems etc 


so after knowing the basic understanding lets dive into what makes deep learning

deep learning was intially formed to mimic the human brain cause theres neurons which are formed for every action that we perform 

so this action that u are performing is totally based on 

neural networks of neurons in your brain 

and this is exactly whats being done in the deep learning 

and that can be done through many different frameworks but as i would be using it for pretty extensive use i would be choosing 
pytorch 


pytorch - an open source that was created by meta and now happens to dominate the industry faster than layoffs that are happening lol 

